*!OpenAero2 V1.2 User Guides*

It is recommended that you read the manuals in the following order.

 * [OpenAero2_FAQ Frequently Asked Questions]
  * [OpenAero2_FAQ#Basics Basics]
   * [OpenAero2_FAQ#What_is_OpenAero2? What is OpenAero2?]
   * [OpenAero2_FAQ#Where_can_I_purchase_a_KK2_board_from? Purchasing a KK2 board]
  * [OpenAero2_FAQ#Features Features]
   * [OpenAero2_FAQ#What_models_can_I_stabilize? Supported models]
    * [OpenAero2_FAQ#Aeroplane_Mixers Aeroplane Mixers]
    * [OpenAero2_FAQ#Flying_Wing_Mixers Flying Wing Mixers]
    * [OpenAero2_FAQ#Custom_Mixers Custom Mixers]
   * [OpenAero2_FAQ#What_flight_modes_are_supported? Flight modes]
  * [OpenAero2_FAQ#Receivers Receivers]
   * [OpenAero2_FAQ#Which_receivers_are_supported? Receiver support]
  * [OpenAero2_FAQ#Camera_Stabilization Camera Stabilization]
   * [OpenAero2_FAQ#What_camera_gimbals_can_I_stabilize? Gimbal support]
  * [OpenAero2_FAQ#Problems Problems]
   * [OpenAero2_FAQ#Why_don't_my_servos_move? Why don't my servos move?]
 * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started  Getting Started Guide]
  * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#Where_can_I_find_OpenAero2_firmware? OpenAero2 Firmware]
  * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#How_do_I_reflash_my_KK2_board? Flashing the KK2]
  * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#How_do_I_mount_the_KK2_board_in_my_aeroplane? Mounting the KK2 board]
  * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#How_do_I_power_the_KK2_board? Powering the KK2]
   * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#KK2_Board KK2 Board]
   * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#Servos Servos]
  * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#How_do_I_connect_my_receiver? Connecting a receiver]
   * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#PWM_Receivers PWM Receivers]
   * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#CPPM_Receivers CPPM Receivers]
   * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#Serial_receivers Serial receivers]
   * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#Binding_satellite_receivers Binding Satellite Receivers]
   * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#Channel_Order Channel Order]
  * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#How_do_I_connect_my_servos? Connecting servos]
   * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#Aeroplane_Mode Aeroplane Mode]
   * [OpenAero2_Getting_Started#Flying-Wing_Mode Flying-Wing Mode]
 * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2 Setup Procedure]
  * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#A_word_about_Stability_and_Autolevel_switching Flight Profiles]
  * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Initial_setup_and_calibration Setup Checklist]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_1:_Model_type Step 1: Model type]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_2:_Receiver_settings Step 2: Receiver settings]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_3:_Stick_polarity Step 3: Stick polarity]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_4:_RC_check Step 4: RC check]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_5:_Flight_profile Step 5: Flight profile]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_6:_Sensor_calibration Step 6: Sensor calibration]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_7:_Level_meter Step 7: Level meter]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_8:_Channel_mixing Step 8: Channel mixing]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_9:_Output_mixing Step 9: Output mixing]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_10:_Servo_direction Step 10: Servo direction]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_11:_Servo_trim Step 11: Servo trim]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_12:_Neg._Servo_trvl.(%) Step 12: Neg. Servo travel]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_13:_Pos._Servo_trvl.(%) Step 13: Pos. Servo travel]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_14:_Stability_check Step 14: Stability check] 
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Step_15:_Auto-level_check Step 15: Auto-level check]
  * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Every_time_you_power_up Every time you power up]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Gyro_calibration Gyro calibration]
   * [OpenAero2_Setup_Guide_V2#Safety Safety]
 * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2 Basic User Guide]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Factory_reset Factory reset]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Idle_Screen Idle screen]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Status_Screen Status screen]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Main_Menu Main menu]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#1._General 1. General]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Model_Type Model Type]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Board_Orientation Board Orientation]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#2._Receiver_setup 2. Receiver setup]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Receiver_Sync Receiver Sync]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Ch._order Ch. order]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Profile_channel Profile channel]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#2nd_Aileron 2nd Aileron]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Dynamic_gain_channel Dynamic gain channel]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Dynamic_gain Dynamic gain]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Differential Differential]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Flap_speed Flap speed]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Lock_rate Lock rate]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Deadband Deadband]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#3._Stick_Polarity 3. Stick Polarity]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#4._Receiver_Inputs 4. Receiver Inputs]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Stick_Calibration Stick Calibration]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Stick_Polarity_Check Stick Polarity Check]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#5_to_7._Profile_Setup 5 to 7. Profile Setup]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Profile_Trigger Profile Trigger]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Stability Stability]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Autolevel Autolevel]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Gyro_types Gyro types]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#8._Sensor_Calibration 8. Sensor Calibration]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Calibrate Calibrate]
   * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#Inverted_calibrate Inverted calibrate]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#9._Level_Meter 9. Level Meter]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#10._Channel_Mixing 10. Channel Mixing]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#11._Output_Mixing 11. Output Mixing]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#12._Servo_Direction 12. Servo Direction]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#13._Servo_Trim 13. Servo Trim]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#14._Negative_Servo_Travel 14. Negative Servo Travel]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#15._Positive_Servo_Travel 15. Positive Servo Travel]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#16._Failsafe_Settings 16. Failsafe Settings]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#17._Failsafe_Positions 17. Failsafe Positions]
  * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V2#18._Battery_Monitor 18. Battery Monitor]
 * [OpenAero2_Mixer_Guide Mixer User Guide]
 * [OpenAero2_Adv_UserGuide_V2 Advanced User Guide]

*Older User Guides*
 * [OpenAero2_User_Guide V1.0 User Guide]
 * [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V1 V1.1 Basic User guide]
 * [OpenAero2_Adv_UserGuide_V1 V1.1 Advanced User guide]
 * [OpenAero2_CamStab_Setup_Part_1 V1.0 Standalone Camstab Guide]
 * [OpenAero2_CamStab_Setup_Part_2 V1.0 Controllable Camstab Guide]

*Your Support*

!OpenAero2 is a open-source project and is free, however if you feel motivated to donate to the project it is much appreciated.

[https://sites.google.com/site/openaerowiki/home http://i.imgur.com/uaRIu.png]

Please post any questions and tips on [http://www.rcgroups.com/forums/showthread.php?t=1708175 RC Groups].