#summary OpenAero2 - Frequently Ask Questions

Please ensure you read the manuals in the following order.

 # [OpenAero2_FAQ Frequently Ask Questions]
 # [OpenAero2_Getting_Started Getting Started Guide]
 # [OpenAero2_UserGuide_V1 Aeroplane - Setup Guide (V1.1 Beta 9)]
 # [OpenAero2_UserGuide_Beta8 Aeroplane - Advanced User Guide (V1.1 Beta 8)]
 
Please post any questions and tips on [http://www.rcgroups.com/forums/showthread.php?t=1708175 RC Groups].

=Frequently asked Questions=
==Basics==
 * What is OpenAero2?
 * Where can I purchase a KK2 board from?
==OpenAero2 Features==
 * What models can OpenAero2 stabilize?
  * Aeroplane Mixers
  * Flying Wing Mixers
  * Custom Mixers
 * What flight modes does OpenAero2 support?
==Receivers==
 * Which receivers does OpenAero2 support?
 * Which CPPM receivers does OpenAero2 support?
==Camera Stabilization==
 * What camera gimbals can OpenAero2 stabilize?

The [OpenAero2_Getting_Started Getting Started Guide] describes the process of how to load OpenAero2 and connect the KK2 board between your receiver and servos.

==Basics==

===What is OpenAero2?===
OpenAero2 is a fully-featured aeroplane and camera stabilization software for [http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/uh_viewitem.asp?idproduct=24723 Hobbyking's KK2 multi-rotor board], replacing the manufacturers original [http://www.rcgroups.com/forums/showthread.php?t=1675613 multi-rotor firmware].

While OpenAero2 is an open-source project and is free, it's also the result of many hundreds of hours of hard work.

If you feel motivated to donate to the project please feel free.

[https://sites.google.com/site/openaerowiki/home http://i.imgur.com/uaRIu.png]

===Where can I purchase a KK2 board from?===
The [http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/uh_viewitem.asp?idproduct=24723 KK2 multi-rotor board] is manufactured and sold only by [http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/uh_viewitem.asp?idproduct=24723 HobbyKing].

Additionally, a [http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/uh_viewitem.asp?idproduct=21321 USBasp] from [http://www.hobbyking.com/hobbyking/store/uh_viewitem.asp?idproduct=21321 Hobbyking] is required to load the OpenAero2 software onto the KK2 board.

==OpenAero2 Features==

===What models can OpenAero2 stabilize?===
OpenAero2 has been designed with two selectable model types, for easy setup to control both single and dual aileron aeroplane's or flying-wing's.

Unlike other solutions, OpenAero2's on-board mixers are completely flexible to allow control of up to 8 individual channels or directly connected servos.

====Aeroplane Mixers====
Aeroplane mode has the ability to stabilize all three axis, support the use of flaps or pre-mixed flaperons, with any typical PWM or CPPM receiver.

The stabilized outputs are simply referred to as aileron, elevator and rudder.

====Flying Wing Mixers====
Mixing for flying-wing's is now supported by the on-board mixers, allowing OpenAero2 to stabilize the left flaperon, right flaperon and rudder.

====Custom Mixers====
OpenAero2 has eight output channels which can all mix from five PWM RC channels in PWM mode, and eight RC channels in CPPM mode. 
Each of the eight output channels can have any or all sensors mixed together. Also, each of the output channels can mix any two RC inputs together.

http://i.imgur.com/zCdGA.jpg?1

===What flight modes does OpenAero2 support?===
OpenAero2 offers three unique flight modes for aeroplanes, interchangeable remotely from the transmitter during flight, through a designated receiver channel.

1 - *Manual mode* - Deactivates all assistance from OpenAero2, passing all servo control signals from the receiver to the servos.

2 - *Stabilization mode* - Activates OpenAero2's gyro stabilization to reduce the effects of wind and air turbulence on the aeroplane.

3 - *Auto-levelling mode* - Activates OpenAero2's accelerometers to return the aeroplane to level flight.

==Receivers==

===Which receivers does OpenAero2 support?===
The KK2 board supports either common multi-wire PWM receivers or single-wire CCPM receivers.

===Which CPPM receivers does OpenAero2 support?===
While there are many brands available, the following have been tested.

 * [http://www.frsky-rc.com/ShowProducts.asp?id=48 FrSky V8R7-SP]
 * [http://www.frsky-rc.com/ShowProducts.asp?id=119 FrSky D4R-II]
 * [http://www.frsky-rc.com/ShowProducts.asp?id=126 FrSky D8R-XP]

==Camera Stabilization==

===What camera gimbals can OpenAero2 stabilize?===
In Camera stability mode, both gyros and accelerometers are enabled to stabilise 3-axis camera mounts. See the separate guides for setting up camera stability.

*The [OpenAero2_Getting_Started Getting Started Guide] describes the process of how to load OpenAero2 and connect the KK2 board between your receiver and servos.