#summary OpenAero2  - Setup Guide V1.2

==How do I set up OpenAero2?==
===Stability and Autolevel switching===
Due to countless requests you now have absolute freedom in how to enable these modes.
In the Stability and Autolevel Settings menus you can select which method of control you wish to use.

 * OFF: Always off
 * Autochan: On when the channel set as "Autochan" in RC settings is more than the trigger.
 * Stabchan: On when the channel set as "Stabchan" in RC settings is more than the trigger.
 * 3-pos: Stability on when the 3-pos switch is more than the stability trigger. Autolevel also on when the 3-pos switch is more than the autolevel trigger.
 * ON: Always on
 * Hands free: On when the sticks are released. Please make sure a stick centering procedure has been done before using this more, otherwise the software will be unable to determine the handsfree status.

*3-pos switch*
The three-position switch mode allows you to have both Stability and Autolevel on one switch, but have them selectable.
The way it works is this:
For the switch position between -100% and the stability trigger = Stability off, Autolevel off.
For the switch position between the stability trigger and the autolevel trigger = Stability on, Autolevel off.
For the switch position above the autolevel trigger = Stability on, Autolevel on.

Note that you can change the positions at which these trigger. The "trigger" settings of both the stability and autolevel channels will set these positions.

*RC Setting defaults*
Stabchan = GEAR (AUX input on KK2 board)
Autochan = GEAR (AUX input on KK2 board)
2nd. Aileron = NOCHAN (No second aileron)

==Initial setup and calibration==
The first time you set up OpenAero2 you will have to adjust a few things to suit your radio gear and particular usage. 

*Step 1: Model type*
Go into the General menu and change the Mode to that which suits your model. The default is Aeroplane.

*Step 2: Receiver settings*
 * Set the Rx mode to suit your radio. Unless you are using CPPM, start with "Rudder". CPPM users select CPPM.
 * If you are using CPPM, also select the channel order between either JR/Spektrum or Futaba.
 * Select which input channel you plan to use for stability. PWM users will normally select the fifth channel (GEAR) as that corresponds to the fifth (AUX) input on the KK2. CPPM users can pick any unused channel.
 * Select which input channel you plan to use for autolevel. PWM users may select the unused throttle input (THROTTLE) or double-up the two functions on the fifth channel (GEAR). CPPM users can pick any unused channel.
 * If your radio carries the second aileron channel set that here too.

*Step 3: Stick polarity*
 * Follow the on-screen instructions to have OpenAero2 automatically adjust the RC input polarity to suit.

*Step 4: RC check*
 * Go to the Receiver inputs screen and switch on your transmitter and receiver. You should immediately see values appearing in both columns next to each connected channel.
 * Make sure all the tranmitter channels are centered including the throttle, and press button 4, under the screen label "Cal." This performs a stick centering calibration.
 * The right-hand column should now all be zero and change +/-1000 or so at the extremes of throw.

*EXTREMELY IMPORTANT*
Make sure that when you have both sticks away from you and to the right, all values are POSITIVE. 
If they are negative, then you have failed to use the "Stick polarity" screen to set them for you. Please go back and do Step 3.

*Step 5: Stability settings*
 * For now, just alter the Mode as described above in "Stability and Autolevel switching".

*Step 6: Autolevel settings*
 * For now, just alter the Mode as described above in "Stability and Autolevel switching".

*Step 7: Sensor calibration*
 * Go into the sensor screen where you can calibrate the autolevel.
 * Place the model on a flat surface and chock up the tail or nose until it is level and in its normal flying attitude.
 * Keeping the model perfectly still, carefully press button 4 under the screen marker "Cal." After a short pause the LED will flash.
 * If you wish the inverted performance to be optimal, at this point you can flip the model over into the inverted position and press button 3 "Inv.". You cannot redo this until you redo the initial calibration with button 4.

*Step 8: Level meter*
 * If calibrated correctly the level meter will show the black circle inside the square when the model is held in its flying attitude.

*Step 9: Channel mixing*
 * For now, leave these settings at their defaults.

*Step 10: Output mixing*
 * For now, leave these settings at their defaults.

*Step 11: Servo direction*
 * Once returned to the status menu, the servos should be activated and you should be able to control all outputs with the transmitter. Please make sure that stability and autolevel are both OFF to continue. Their status can easily be seen in the status menu.

 * Move all surfaces and check that they move as expected. If they are reversed, you must reverse the channels in the Servo direction screen. *Do not reverse them with the TX*.

*Step 12: Servo trim*
 * You can now adjust the neutral point of every output from the Servo trim screen. The servo will move in real time to indicate the trim position.

*Step 13: Neg. Servo trvl.(%)*
 * If you like, you can now adjust the minimum point of every output from this screen. The servo will move in real time to indicate the travel limit. 
This is useful to prevent the servos from over-extending when stabilisation or autolevel movements are added to your RC control inputs.

*Step 14: Pos. Servo trvl.(%)*
 * If you like, you can now adjust the maximum point of every output from this screen. The servo will move in real time to indicate the travel limit. 
This is useful to prevent the servos from over-extending when stabilisation or autolevel movements are added to your RC control inputs.

*Step 15: Gyro direction check*
 * Now, switch on stability control while leaving autolevel OFF.
 * Pitch the nose of the model up and down while watching the elevator. The elevator should move to counteract the pitching. Pitching the nose UP should make the elevator move DOWN.
 * Roll the model left and right while watching the ailerons. They should also move to counteract the rolling. 
 * Finally, yaw the model left and right while observing the rudder. 

*Step 8: Auto-level setup*
 * Switch off stability control and switch ON autolevel.
 * Tilt the model in pitch and roll while watching the respective surfaces. They should move slightly to compensate and remain in that position.


===Every time you power up OpenAero2===
There are some important things to note when starting OpenAero2.

*Gyro calibration*

The gyros are calibrated automatically when the model is powered up.
It is important that the model is held very still while the gyro calibration is taking place.
If you move the model during calibration the "Sensor Error" message will appear with a warning beep. The only option is to repower the board.


*Safety*

Always make sure your throttle is set to minimum before attempting to power up your model. *Warning:* Even with the transmitter throttle set to zero, there may be a momentary output from the KK board to the throttle channel which may cause the motor to turn very briefly. As such stay well away from the motor and propellor and sure your model when powering it up.